docs/design/overview.md, before:

## World Layout
### Realms
* Aurum: Standard green world with stone and ore. Green and grey.
* The Loom: Twisted version of Aurum, filled with hostility and strange materials. Red and orange.
* The Aether: Landmass floating on the void (no underground). White and gold. The realm of Hyperion.
* Primus Hortum: The vortex of natural life, filled with decay and new growth to no end. Dark green and brown.
* Ultimus Hortum: The remains of the ancient world, a frozen wasteland filled with the spectres of the past. Very little life. Blue and black.

## Tentative Lore
The previous titan of the world abandoned it and let Primus Hortum and the Loom leak into Aurum, corrupting it and decaying into Ultimus Hortum.
You are another titan come to reverse the corruption of Aurum. Of the remaining inhabitants, some look for your coming and others hate it.
You must conquer all realms and overtake the previous titan's power based in the Aether to become the true Titan of Aurum.

## The People
The people of Aurum (and some in Ultimus Hortum) are skeptical of you. They have seen demigods before, and as you are not yet Titan of Aurum you do not appear so different.

## Game Goals
* Variety of environments between the realms.
* NPCs, villages, discoverable lore.
* Progression through actions such as mining or defeating mobs.
	* This will grant "mana" to be used in upgrading items and personal attributes or charging rods.
* Story progression through conquering the seven planes.
	* Conquering each plane (in some various manner) will grant you a "crown jewel" with appropriate properties.
	* The jewels can be combined into a crown. Wearing it on a throne in the Aether will win the game.

Commit message:

Todo describing the factions of the world.

docs/design/overview.md, after:

## World Layout
### Realms
* Aurum: Standard green world with stone and ore. Green and grey.
* The Loom: Twisted version of Aurum, filled with hostility and strange materials. Red and orange.
* The Aether: Landmass floating on the void (no underground). White and gold. The realm of Hyperion.
* Primus Hortum: The vortex of natural life, filled with decay and new growth to no end. Dark green and brown.
* Ultimus Hortum: The remains of the ancient world, a frozen wasteland filled with the spectres of the past. Very little life. Blue and black.

## Tentative Lore
The previous titan of the world abandoned it and let Primus Hortum and the Loom leak into Aurum, corrupting it and decaying into Ultimus Hortum.
You are another titan come to reverse the corruption of Aurum. Of the remaining inhabitants, some look for your coming and others hate it.
You must conquer all realms and overtake the previous titan's power based in the Aether to become the true Titan of Aurum.

## Factions
### The People
Scattered villages of people, descendants of those who survived the corruption after the previous titan left Aurum.
They eke out a living, but with only small fragments of the previous magical civilization.

### The Remnant
As the power of the loom brought new material from Primus Hortum into Aurum, it also pulled the old world out into the great graveyard, Ultimus Hortum.
Some people were brought with it, and they survive by scavenging and hunting among the ruined realm.

### Servitors
The old priesthood. Unable to accept their abandonment, they continue to attempt to rule the realms like an ant colony with no queen.

### Demigods
Each realm has been overrun by an immortal demigod and their servants attempting to conquer the realms for themselves.
They are lesser than the titans, but with the old titan having abaonded the world, they have run wild.

### Loomspawn
The natural forces of the Loom, performing their corruption.

## Game Goals
* Variety of environments between the realms.
* NPCs, villages, discoverable lore.
* Progression through actions such as mining or defeating mobs.
	* This will grant "mana" to be used in upgrading items and personal attributes or charging rods.
* Story progression through conquering the seven planes.
	* Conquering each plane (in some various manner) will grant you a "crown jewel" with appropriate properties.
	* The jewels can be combined into a crown. Wearing it on a throne in the Aether will win the game.
